My name is Kylie, and I'm so thankful for Gateway Family Chiropractic.
I've been dealing with severe stomach pain and headaches for over eight years.
I went to a bunch of doctors, and they couldn't really diagnose me with something specific.
Then I went to Gateway, and they helped me figure it out.
They helped start to help my stomach get better.
At night, I would twist and turn, and then it wouldn't stop hurting.
Then I would just start throwing up, and it was getting to the point
where I wouldn't go to school for a week because it hurt so bad.
It was interfering with sleeping, resting, my sports,
and just everyday life.
When I first started seeing the results, I was excited
that I could start enjoying volleyball and sleeping better.
I could start actually doing things I enjoyed
without the pain of my stomach interfering with it.
After two visits, they started to help me,
and my stomach started to feel better.
The pain was starting to relieve.
They can figure out every single place that hurts, and they just do it so perfectly.
I'm just doing better through school because I can focus on school
and not have to worry about my stomach.
I'm Kylie, and I go camping, I play volleyball,
I focus on school, and I do activities with friends.
I got to eat, and I can do that now
because my stomach pain is basically gone because of Gateway.